added step-4: Conclusion in the step-by-step guide (#140)
thegooddocsproject/templates: how-to/template-how-to.md

$ asciidoctor --version
Asciidoctor 1.5.6.2 [https://asciidoctor.org]
```

### Step 4: Optional: title for step - Conclusion

> Lead-in conclusion to the steps, explaining what happens after the user is done following the steps and what to expect next, maybe link to some related articles or the lead-in steps. 

Reviewer: What do you think about this text instead:

>Provide a summary of the steps completed and explain what the user has achieved by following them. You can also include links to related articles that may help the reader reinforce concepts discussed in this how-to article.

Justification:

* This paragraph isn't a lead-in paragraph: it is a summary paragraph.
* The third comma-separated paragraph doesn't make sense in context of the others.

Reviewer 2: I like Jared's wording here.

Reviewer 3: 👍  I also prefer Jared's wording.

> Lead-in conclusion to the steps, explaining what happens after the user is done following the steps and what to expect next, maybe link to some related articles or the lead-in steps. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provide a summary of the steps completed and explain what the user has achieved by following them. You can also include links to related articles that may help the reader reinforce concepts discussed in this how-to article.
```

Reviewer 2: Applied Jared's wording.
